Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, what we are going to do is we're going to have a WhatsApp icon over here so that users
can contact the seller of that product.
Not to do this, we are going to be in the package.
So head up to your browser and then pop the dev.
And over here we are going to search for a package known as font or some flutter.
Okay.
And we have to click on this first link and now we have to copy this code.
And head back to our vice squad and post back the YAML file and you have to hide it in us.
You can see I already have that.
And now back to the.
The minor screen dietary and then the visit store screen.
And what we can do is we can use control and be to make this wide first.
Okay.
And now, now, now.
How did trying to come over by?
To format this.
And now it's in the scaffold.
It has a property we should send before it is known as Floating Action Button.
And this is going to be as well in action.
But then it is a button and it has this own press as its property.
And the nest property it has is a child which is going to be an icon with that.
And now we're going to use that font awesome package we just installed.
Fonts or some icons.
Then dot up OC.
Cisco.
I did turn the camera and use constraints to save in order to format.
I think we are missing one.
Okay.
Lots to.
This country needs to save.
And you should say it over here.
Okay.
Sims.
Cool.
And also because the floating action button has a property known as background colour.
We can maybe say background colours that.
That's green to see it's going to look like.
Okay.
It's going to have that WhatsApp look.
Sims.
Cool.
And for this main icon.
We can give a color to this if it's going to be called as a sign and see how this is going to look.
Okay.
Hmm.
Not really visible.
Okay.
We could just use sign for this.
And.
Whites for this.
Basically once all the colors too much.
Okay.
To match, Sims could write.
I don't really know if it's cool this way.
Or maybe you could just use your own style for this.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And.
Working as expected.
Okay.
Okay, guys.